What evidence do you have?
Evidence for this
Master Xiao can testify to me personally
Exactly.
My uncle loved this son very much back then
But I didn't expect
This kid is so vicious
And brutally murdered them all
He hasn't even repented.
For this evil animal
Can only be destroyed humanely
It's ridiculous
When can a sentence become evidence?
I admire your ability to turn black and white
Master Xiao is the closed disciple of Lord Wu Weijun
It is also the successor of the future Lord Wu Weijun
Everything he said was true.
life and death can be determined
Haven't stirred this yet
That being the case
Do you all have to die if you offend the Five Flavors Army?
Let's die
Hum Xiao Chen
Do you really think of yourself as a king?
He said it twice.
I think the gods are here today
Can't save you
Why do I need others to save me?
Use some trumped-up crime to slander me and punish me
Just ridiculous
Oda is still quibbling
The sins you committed are hard to celebrate
Don't worry, I'll take it slow.
Expose all your guilt
Then you will not be far from death
Sure, I'll take a look then.
What other tricks can you play?
The second sin is that you are ungrateful
An abandoned child
Eight years ago
Xiao Chen, this kid escaped from the imperial capital to Yuncheng
I don't know his identity
Be kind enough to take him in
And call him brother
I didn't expect this kid to turn his head
Forcibly occupied my fiancee Liu Qingxue
Don't care about him
Disappeared for 8 years
Eight years later, he returned.
Not only did he deceive Liu Qingxue and Gou He again
He even shot and seriously injured me
This kid is just miserable
integrity
Lin Shaoyang
When did I become your fiancee?
Everyone in the Liu family can testify to this for me
I testify that my Liu family kindly took this in
Waste, but he avenged his kindness
It has brought my Liu family down so far
Even eight years later, he still wants to harm our family
If there was no Lin Shao
Our Liu family has long been destroyed.
I also testify
This kid cheated my daughter to death
Now?
It has nothing to do with our Liu family
I can also testify
How can you do this
Three people become tigers
Zhongkou Shuojin
Black is Black
White is always white
A lie is a lie no matter how many times it is repeated
You turn the page